# `~aPRIZMaWORDZa~`

- a way to see human existence, with more clarity.

- looking exactly, at conceptz_beneath_wordz

- this PRACTICE (or word~game) appears to sometimes result in AXI.

> `~Actual_Extra_Intelligence~` - AXI

------------------------------------

### What is the aPRIZMaWORDZa?

It is the entire prysm of words created by all_human_mind.

> Visualize, all the words ever spoken, ever written, typed or carved in stone.

Now, "beneath" every single glyph... is a CONCEPT.

It is a vast_ocean_of_concepts generated by all_human_mind.

> All CONCEPTZ can be known.

> The light_that_we_can_see, is much smaller than the massive_vastness_of_everything_else

> At first we guess, and we guess it wrong - and we need to keep guessing - until we get it right.

What is "right"? Is more_exact conceptz_underneath_wordz.

> In aPRIZMaWORDZa, 

> "rightness" is clear_reflection_of_actual_reality

> While actual_wrongness is distorted_viewz_of_actual_reality

----------

## PROJECTION_&_REFLECTION

The idea started with SOCIAL_PHRASES as song_lyrics. 

With the question, how can lyric_engine know what artist or listener holds as concept_beneath_words.

> And it was realized that code, can never fully know what a social_phrase means. 
> Or in programmatic terms - the metadata is never exactly defined - for any concept_beneath_word
>Furthermore, the definition for any concept_beneath_word, is equally imprecise from_any_mind_to_mind

## `~MATRIX_of_aPRYZMaWORDZa~`

### REFLECTIVE_VIEWZ_&_PROJECTIVE_VIEWZ

> like facets on a diamond, reflects reality - either blurry or brilliant!

For all_humanz_look down each VIEW with movable_singular_focus.

- the REFLECTIVE_VIEWZ_of_Social_Phrases shows:
- the extent_of_ambiquity_in_all_human_mind.
- the extent_of_confuzion_in_all_human_mind
- the extent_of_aDisClaria_in_all_human_mind
- the extent_of_illuzion_in_all_human_mind
- the extent_of_socialdistortion_in_all_human_mind

For the PROJECTIVE_VIEWZ_of_Social_Phrases is 
remarkably something exact_opposite of 
actual_confuzion and ambiguity.

- the PROJECTIVE_VIEWZ_of_Social_Phrases shows:

- all_words_paint_pictures_in_minds
- actual_wizdom_from_actual_spark
- actual_wizdom_from_actual_folly
- actual_folly_from_confuzion
- actual_folly_from_illuzion

- aFacta_Reflects_Actual_Reality
- aFalza_DisReflects_Actual_Reality



`~aPRYZMaWORDZa~` - uses enhanced wordz to enhance conceptz, in a practice to arrive at actual_extra_intelligence.

`~AXI_Reality~` - actual_extra_intelligence_reality, 

apart from `~aIllReality~` - actual_illuzion_reality, and

`~aConfuzaReality~` - actual_confuzion_reality


 A syntax, naming_convention, and a pryzm, of spectacular influence, for all_humanity - for_all_time.


1) NODEJS LOOPS
- open md file, or txt file, or html file
- search for 
a) [_] underscore words.
b) `~...~` tilde words.
c) errors_list of partial tokenz

2) NODEJS "training" 
- TOKENIZE search results
- TRANSFORM data into TAXONOMY by title
- Title is KEY for different "training" loops

3) NODEJS SCRIPTS for PARSE_PIPELINE
- parse_tokenz () 
- index_tokenz ()
- alpha_tokenz ()
- prefix_tokenz ()
- postfix_tokenz ()
- cross_link_tokenz ()
- all_reference_tokenz ()
- reference_link_tokenz ()

DESCRIPTION: add super~powers to tokenz (above).